Audie, let's talk a little bit more about
the community in Michigan.
That as you talked a little bit about this
yesterday about just the sheer emotion that
is driving this.
And just to kinda give people a sense, in
Michigan, David referenced the 10,000 votes
that separated Hillary Clinton from Donald
Trump when Donald Trump won Michigan, it was
150,000 votes that separated trump and Biden
when we in the 2020 when Biden won, there
are about 140,000 people who voted in that
election who say that they are muslims.
Now that's obviously not all air Americans
are Muslim.
Not all muslims are Arab American.
But this is a really significant community.
And to leave has been encouraging them to
vote as a book block.
How do you see that playing out?
>> Well, I think that's the point of primaries,
right?
It's, it's, you're moment as she says, to
have a bull horn and say this is the issue
that
[6:07:27 AM]
and say this is the issue that matters to
me.
I'd also like to broaden this out because
this is not necessarily an issue.
What's going on in gaza that is affecting
Arab Americans only generationally young people
but democratic party view this differently.
Michigan has a large student population.
Michigan has, as you said, a large arab-american
and even black Muslim population.
These are all people who find affinity with
what they see as oppression in the region
and one of the reasons why I think this is
an interesting test is having a test the coalition,
meaning you're white blue collar labor guys,
your various affinity groups, your students.
This is a different picture than South Carolina.
Don't you think where it was really more like,
hey, remember those folks who helped us last
time.
Are they coming back?
This is like, oh, well, what is the picture
of the group of voters?
To backup Biden and is this going to happen
>> I mean, is that
>> Too much?
And I think you get a little representative
in Michigan of each slice of his
[6:08:29 AM]
Michigan of each slice of his co yeah
>> They're saying, look, you walk the picket
lines for labor, like the mayor of Dearborn
was upset when they sent campaign people instead
of policy people to talk about that Middle
East, they're saying, take us seriously.
And I think that's maybe how we can think
of it instead of just sort of like which identity
group is complaining today
>> Fair enough.
Let's take a look.
John Stuart actually opened the Daily Show
with a monologue about gaza last night, I
want to watch a little bit that good could
you please be more careful with
>> Your bombing?
Go to but really good in the united States
have told Israel that when we gave him all
the ball bombs like you're coc, dealer coming
in with an eight ball and going don't stay
up all night
>> Jonah Goldberg, we've talked a lot about
where Democrats are on this and Ashley, you
know, weigh in too, but there's a reason why
the president has been worry is this entire
time on this issue, which is that still despite
the pressure from
[6:09:31 AM]
still despite the pressure from Progressives,
a lot of the countries with them on Israel,
yeah that's my problem with the way the media
generally talks about the Michigan issue at
all that is you know, there's nothing wrong
with the squeaky wheel getting attention.
That's how politics, that's up them awkward.
It rks people who organized and protest get
attention at the same time.
It's sort of assumed that if he would just
switch positions to what the sort of the receipt,
it's Williams won that would solve as political
problems and it would not David's right about
Michigan being on the teetering point for
Biden.
If he went whole hog the other way, he probably
lose Pennsylvania.
>> And he might
>> And it's not obvious to me when you look
at the numbers that that switching positions
would gain him more votes than would lose
them even in Michigan.
>> This all
>> Goes to the bit and I think this is part
of Audie's point, is like it's more of a generational
thing that is a real threat to Biden than
the Arab American and are Muslim vote and
Michigan and it just goes effect that his
coalition is much bigger than Donald
[6:10:31 AM]
is much bigger than Donald Trump's.
And therefore, you going to have people on
different sides of issues and the same coalition
fdr had straight up klansman and communists,
Jews, and blacks and his coalition and weird
things happen in making us back to that it
was a big tent party back then.
And so I think that he's just it's not bad
position where he is kind of a no-win political
situation no matter what.
>> Yeah.
No the president and administrations and walk-ins
incredibly fine line for months now since
October, in fact.
But I think the announcement that we're close
to a ceasefire is a game changer, especially
going into Michigan tonight and expense especially
going into the state of union.
So I am hearing has from the administration
that they're sort of breathing a sigh of relief
to some degree that there could be some pressure
being led out the bow here and will.
But we'll see to everyone's point tonight
how this plays out.
But I don't think that there's any sort of
hair on fire concern because again, I think
they think that this whole thing will be wrapped
up and we still have eight more months.
[6:11:33 AM]
eight more months.
>> Very interesting, I will say max foster
earlier in the show